Add PR template (#141)
BetterThanTomorrow/joyride: .github/pull_request_template.md

Please answer the following questions and leave the below in as part of your PR.

- [ ] I have read the [developer documentation](https://github.com/BetterThanTomorrow/joyride/blob/master/CONTRIBUTE.md).

- [ ] This PR corresponds to an [issue with a clear problem statement](https://github.com/babashka/babashka/blob/master/doc/dev.md#start-with-an-issue-before-writing-code).

- [ ] This PR contains a [test](https://github.com/BetterThanTomorrow/joyride/tree/master/vscode-test-runner/workspace-1/.joyride/src/integration_test) to prevent against future regressions

> - [ ] I have updated the [CHANGELOG.md](https://github.com/BetterThanTomorrow/joyride/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md) file with a description of the addressed issue.

Reviewer: To make more of these fit our publish script from start:

```suggestion
- [ ] I have updated the **\[Unreleased\]** section of the [CHANGELOG.md](https://github.com/BetterThanTomorrow/joyride/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md) file with a link to the addressed issue.
```
